docs/grants/seed-grants.md, before:

# Seed Fund Grants
Any organizer who wants to hold a Bridge workshop that supports the Bridge Foundry mission may apply for a Seed Fund Grant. These are grants that don't have dedicated funding set aside for them via the efforts of a Volunteer Fundraiser working with the group. 

As soon as you think you may need funds, please apply! Since some parts of the funding process can take a week or more, it's better to start working on funding earlier in your event planning than in the last few weeks. We can always convert the grant from a Seed Fund Grant to a Funded Grant if you end up being successful in raising sponsorship money after all.

## Apply for a Seed Fund Grant
To apply for the grant, just fill out this [Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfKPyI0kcPqr18i18x-yErKoCayKMxylbhMBe4fdgDuMe6LYQ/viewform?usp=sf_link). Select "We are seeking a seed fund grant" since you don't have funds in place to cover the cost.

## Approval Process
Grant applications are evaluated within a week of submission, usually a few days. 

We look to see if the application meets the following standard criteria:
* Budget is within normal parameters for the region
* Expenses are for normal recommended workshop things; see our [approved expenses policy](https://github.com/bridgefoundry/operations/blob/master/using-funds/approved-expenses-policy.md)
* Application is submitted by an organizer who is either a known and experienced organizer, or who has been approved by a known chapter leader or experienced volunteer organizer. If you're not sure what that means for you, get in touch with us at finance@bridgefoundry.org.

If funds are available, first-time grant applications for Bridge workshops that meet the standard criteria by an approved organizer are approved without further evaluation.

We welcome innovative ideas. Don't be deterred if your plan is not typical -- all of our work started with a-typical ideas. If you have an idea that does not conform to the standard criteria, we will be happy to discuss it with you and consider a grant. It may take us slightly longer in that case to make a decision and approve or deny the application.

If grant applications exceed current funding, Bridge Foundry staff will assess impact and make a decision or raise additional funds to cover all applications.

## Receiving & Using Funds
Once the grant is approved, there are two ways to make use of the funds:
1. **Reimbursement** (preferred): Make the purchases and submit your receipts for reimbursement. Expensify deposits the reimbursement straight into your bank account.
2. **Cash Advance**: For those who can't afford to get reimbursed, we can send you the funds via check or PayPal. You will be required to submit your receipts within 7 days and send back any extra money you didn't use.

Learn more about spending the money under [Using Funds](https://github.com/bridgefoundry/operations/tree/master/using-funds).

**Important: Review the receipt requirements before you start making purchases.**

## Post-Event
When you do receive funding from Bridge Foundry's seed fund, we ask that you simply write a short blog post after your event on the [Bridge Foundry blog](http://bridgefoundry.org/blog.html) about how the grant helped you and your community hold the workshop and the difference it has made.

Sharing your experience inspires and helps other organizers understand what it takes to hold a workshop. You can submit a blog post as a [pull request](https://github.com/bridgefoundry/bridgefoundry.github.io/tree/master/_posts) or email to the [Bridge Foundry group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bridgefoundry).

Commit message:

Update cash advance option to direct pay option
We originally were told that we couldn't do direct pay for grants to independent groups, but then it was clarified that would be okay. We had the direct pay option listed before we were really ready to implement because it seemed like that was the only way to help out groups who couldn't afford reimbursement. Since direct pay is okay after all and we want to hold off on implementing cash advances until we have a full policy in place, I'm submitting this change to list direct pay as an option instead of cash advance.

docs/grants/seed-grants.md, after:

# Seed Fund Grants
Any organizer who wants to hold a Bridge workshop that supports the Bridge Foundry mission may apply for a Seed Fund Grant. These are grants that don't have dedicated funding set aside for them via the efforts of a Volunteer Fundraiser working with the group. 

As soon as you think you may need funds, please apply! Since some parts of the funding process can take a week or more, it's better to start working on funding earlier in your event planning than in the last few weeks. We can always convert the grant from a Seed Fund Grant to a Funded Grant if you end up being successful in raising sponsorship money after all.

## Apply for a Seed Fund Grant
To apply for the grant, just fill out this [Application Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfKPyI0kcPqr18i18x-yErKoCayKMxylbhMBe4fdgDuMe6LYQ/viewform?usp=sf_link). Select "We are seeking a seed fund grant" since you don't have funds in place to cover the cost.

## Approval Process
Grant applications are evaluated within a week of submission, usually a few days. 

We look to see if the application meets the following standard criteria:
* Budget is within normal parameters for the region
* Expenses are for normal recommended workshop things; see our [approved expenses policy](https://github.com/bridgefoundry/operations/blob/master/using-funds/approved-expenses-policy.md)
* Application is submitted by an organizer who is either a known and experienced organizer, or who has been approved by a known chapter leader or experienced volunteer organizer. If you're not sure what that means for you, get in touch with us at finance@bridgefoundry.org.

If funds are available, first-time grant applications for Bridge workshops that meet the standard criteria by an approved organizer are approved without further evaluation.

We welcome innovative ideas. Don't be deterred if your plan is not typical -- all of our work started with a-typical ideas. If you have an idea that does not conform to the standard criteria, we will be happy to discuss it with you and consider a grant. It may take us slightly longer in that case to make a decision and approve or deny the application.

If grant applications exceed current funding, Bridge Foundry staff will assess impact and make a decision or raise additional funds to cover all applications.

## Receiving & Using Funds
Once the grant is approved, there are two ways to make use of the funds:
1. **Reimbursement** (preferred): Make the purchases and submit your receipts for reimbursement. Expensify deposits the reimbursement straight into your bank account.
2. **Direct pay**: For those who can't afford to get reimbursed, we can arrange to pay for expenses directly by processing payment for an invoice from them or calling them with credit card information. This option requires some lead time to make arrangements.

Learn more about spending the money under [Using Funds](https://github.com/bridgefoundry/operations/tree/master/using-funds).

**Important: Review the receipt requirements before you start making purchases.**

## Post-Event
When you do receive funding from Bridge Foundry's seed fund, we ask that you simply write a short blog post after your event on the [Bridge Foundry blog](http://bridgefoundry.org/blog.html) about how the grant helped you and your community hold the workshop and the difference it has made.

Sharing your experience inspires and helps other organizers understand what it takes to hold a workshop. You can submit a blog post as a [pull request](https://github.com/bridgefoundry/bridgefoundry.github.io/tree/master/_posts) or email to the [Bridge Foundry group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bridgefoundry).
