CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the Bridge Foundry Operations Guide

We welcome anyone to edit for clarity or to suggest context that would help
volunteers be more effective or newcomers understand how we work.

This guide contains a lot of fairly detailed policy words, which are designed
to make it easier for volunteers and most people rarely need to read and only
periodically reference.  This content is particularly important for our staff
to ensure that all volunteers are treated equally and fairly and that everything
we do is well within the law, upholds our policies and seeks to be true to our
values.

All changes made to the Operations Guide are submitted as pull requests, unless the change is to fix a typo or there is a compelling need for a direct commit. Changes made to add clarity may be reviewed by any community member and then committed by the original contributor. Changes to policy require review and approval by both the CEO and COO.


## Style Guide

* filenames and directories: lower case, with dashes-not-spacecs
* documents that we write: simple text in [markdown format](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) and filename should end in `.md`
* scanned documents: PDF format, with `.pdf` extension

Commit message:

policy change approval => governance committee
we don't have COO role right now, change review and approval to
officer or governance committee

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the Bridge Foundry Operations Guide

We welcome anyone to edit for clarity or to suggest context that would help
volunteers be more effective or newcomers understand how we work.

This guide contains a lot of fairly detailed policy words, which are designed
to make it easier for volunteers and most people rarely need to read and only
periodically reference.  This content is particularly important for our staff
to ensure that all volunteers are treated equally and fairly and that everything
we do is well within the law, upholds our policies and seeks to be true to our
values.

All changes made to the Operations Guide are submitted as pull requests, unless the change is to fix a typo or there is a compelling need for a direct commit. Changes made to add clarity may be reviewed by any community member and then committed by the original contributor. 

Changes to policy require review and approval by both of:
- the CEO; and
- a Bridge Foundry officer or member of the governance committee


## Style Guide

* filenames and directories: lower case, with dashes-not-spacecs
* documents that we write: simple text in [markdown format](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) and filename should end in `.md`
* scanned documents: PDF format, with `.pdf` extension
