README.md, before:

# Bridge Foundry Operations Guide

Welcome to the Operations Guide for Bridge Foundry, Inc.,
a US non-profit organization with a 501c3 designation.

Our open source and online resources are freely available to anyone for use
in furthering our mission. This support of independent communities all over the
world is governed by open source license agreements and terms of service.

For details about who runs our operations and writes this guide, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## About mkdocs + operations.bridgefoundry.org

operations.bridgefoundry.org uses `mkdocs` to turn this git repository
into well-formatted HTML. You can run `mkdocs` on your own computer to
preview the site. We use Travis-CI to generate the site when the
`master` branch updates; Travis-CI [stores its logs
here.](https://travis-ci.org/bridgefoundry/operations) We use Firebase to
serve the website to the world; talk to Sarah for access to that.

To generate the nicely-formatted site on your own computer, open up a
terminal app and navigate to the folder with the operations
guide. Then, run the following commands. Note that if you get any
`Command not found` errors, you might need to run
[get-pip.py](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/)
first.

```
virtualenv tmp/docs-virtualenv
tmp/docs-virtualenv/bin/pip install mkdocs
tmp/docs-virtualenv/bin/mkdocs serve
```

Now **http://127.0.0.1:8000** should contain a live preview of the
website.

## Formatting with mkdocs
Here are the special things that mkdocs needs to display the markdown appropriately:

- New line between a paragraph and bullet points in order for bullet points to display
- Four spaces before a sub-bullet (rather than 2 spaces)
   - Like this!

Commit message:

add notes about how to fix expired deploy token

README.md, after:

# Bridge Foundry Operations Guide

Welcome to the Operations Guide for Bridge Foundry, Inc.,
a US non-profit organization with a 501c3 designation.

Our open source and online resources are freely available to anyone for use
in furthering our mission. This support of independent communities all over the
world is governed by open source license agreements and terms of service.

For details about who runs our operations and writes this guide, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## About mkdocs + operations.bridgefoundry.org

operations.bridgefoundry.org uses `mkdocs` to turn this git repository
into well-formatted HTML. You can run `mkdocs` on your own computer to
preview the site. We use Travis-CI to generate the site when the
`master` branch updates; Travis-CI [stores its logs
here.](https://travis-ci.org/bridgefoundry/operations) 

We use Firebase to serve the website to the world; talk to Sarah for access. Now and then we need to refresh the token:

1. if needed `npm install -g firebase-tools`
2. `firebase login:ci`
3. in [Travis Settings](https://travis-ci.org/bridgefoundry/operations/settings), deleted FIREBASE_TOKEN, add new one

To generate the nicely-formatted site on your own computer, open up a
terminal app and navigate to the folder with the operations
guide. Then, run the following commands. Note that if you get any
`Command not found` errors, you might need to run
[get-pip.py](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/)
first.

```
virtualenv tmp/docs-virtualenv
tmp/docs-virtualenv/bin/pip install mkdocs
tmp/docs-virtualenv/bin/mkdocs serve
```

Now **http://127.0.0.1:8000** should contain a live preview of the
website.

## Formatting with mkdocs
Here are the special things that mkdocs needs to display the markdown appropriately:

- New line between a paragraph and bullet points in order for bullet points to display
- Four spaces before a sub-bullet (rather than 2 spaces)
   - Like this!
